## Question 1

One of the biggest football leagues in Europe has granted the distribution rights for live streaming its matches in the USA to a silicon valley based streaming services company. As per the terms of distribution, the company must make sure that only users from the USA are able to live stream the matches on their platform. Users from other countries in the world must be denied access to these live-streamed matches.

Which of the following options would allow the company to enforce these streaming restrictions? (Select two)

1. Use Amazon Route 53 based weighted routing policy to restrict distribution of content to only the locations in which you have distribution rights
Use georestriction to prevent users in specific geographic locations from accessing content that you're distributing through a Amazon CloudFront web distribution

2. Use Amazon Route 53 based geolocation routing policy to restrict distribution of content to only the locations in which you have distribution rights

3. Use Amazon Route 53 based latency-based routing policy to restrict distribution of content to only the locations in which you have distribution rights

4. Use Amazon Route 53 based failover routing policy to restrict distribution of content to only the locations in which you have distribution rights

---

## Question 2

A media company runs a photo-sharing web application that is accessed across three different countries. The application is deployed on several Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances running behind an Application Load Balancer. With new government regulations, the company has been asked to block access from two countries and allow access only from the home country of the company.

Which configuration should be used to meet this changed requirement?

1. Configure the security group on the Application Load Balancer
2. Configure AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF) on the Application Load Balancer in a Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
3. Use Geo Restriction feature of Amazon CloudFront in a Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
4. Configure the security group for the Amazon EC2 instances

---

## Question 3
A US-based healthcare startup is building an interactive diagnostic tool for COVID-19 related assessments. The users would be required to capture their personal health records via this tool. As this is sensitive health information, the backup of the user data must be kept encrypted in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). The startup does not want to provide its own encryption keys but still wants to maintain an audit trail of when an encryption key was used and by whom.

Which of the following is the BEST solution for this use-case?

1. Use client-side encryption with client provided keys and then upload the encrypted user data to Amazon S3

2. Use server-side encryption with AWS Key Management Service keys (SSE-KMS) to encrypt the user data on Amazon S3

3. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) to encrypt the user data on Amazon S3

4. Use server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C) to encrypt the user data on Amazon S3

---

## Question 4
An IT consultant is helping the owner of a medium-sized business set up an AWS account. What are the security recommendations he must follow while creating the AWS account root user? (Select two)

1. Create a strong password for the AWS account root user

2. Create AWS account root user access keys and share those keys only with the business owner

3. Encrypt the access keys and save them on Amazon S3

4. Enable Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) for the AWS account root user account

5. Send an email to the business owner with details of the login username and password for the AWS root user. This will help the business owner to troubleshoot any login issues in future

---

## Question 5

An IT security consultancy is working on a solution to protect data stored in Amazon S3 from any malicious activity as well as check for any vulnerabilities on Amazon EC2 instances.

As a solutions architect, which of the following solutions would you suggest to help address the given requirement?

1. Use Amazon Inspector to monitor any malicious activity on data stored in Amazon S3. Use security assessments provided by Amazon Inspector to check for vulnerabilities on Amazon EC2 instances


2. Use Amazon GuardDuty to monitor any malicious activity on data stored in Amazon S3. Use security assessments provided by Amazon GuardDuty to check for vulnerabilities on Amazon EC2 instances

3. Use Amazon GuardDuty to monitor any malicious activity on data stored in Amazon S3. Use security assessments provided by Amazon Inspector to check for vulnerabilities on Amazon EC2 instances

4. Use Amazon Inspector to monitor any malicious activity on data stored in Amazon S3. Use security assessments provided by Amazon GuardDuty to check for vulnerabilities on Amazon EC2 instances

---

## Question 6
A company uses Amazon S3 buckets for storing sensitive customer data. The company has defined different retention periods for different objects present in the Amazon S3 buckets, based on the compliance requirements. But, the retention rules do not seem to work as expected.

Which of the following options represent a valid configuration for setting up retention periods for objects in Amazon S3 buckets? (Select two)

1. When you apply a retention period to an object version explicitly, you specify a `Retain Until Date` for the object version

2. The bucket default settings will override any explicit retention mode or period you request on an object version

3. Different versions of a single object can have different retention modes and periods

4. You cannot place a retention period on an object version through a bucket default setting

5. When you use bucket default settings, you specify a `Retain Until Date` for the object version

---

## Question 7

A financial services company uses Amazon GuardDuty for analyzing its AWS account metadata to meet the compliance guidelines. However, the company has now decided to stop using Amazon GuardDuty service. All the existing findings have to be deleted and cannot persist anywhere on AWS Cloud.

Which of the following techniques will help the company meet this requirement?

1. Suspend the service in the general settings

2. De-register the service under services tab

3. Disable the service in the general settings

4. Raise a service request with Amazon to completely delete the data from all their backups

---

## Question 8

A retail company uses Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances, Amazon API Gateway, Amazon RDS, Elastic Load Balancer and Amazon CloudFront services. To improve the security of these services, the Risk Advisory group has suggested a feasibility check for using the Amazon GuardDuty service.

Which of the following would you identify as data sources supported by Amazon GuardDuty?

1. Elastic Load Balancing logs, Domain Name System (DNS) logs, AWS CloudTrail events

2. VPC Flow Logs, Amazon API Gateway logs, Amazon S3 access logs

3. VPC Flow Logs, Domain Name System (DNS) logs, AWS CloudTrail events

4. Amazon CloudFront logs, Amazon API Gateway logs, AWS CloudTrail events

---

## Question 9
A new DevOps engineer has joined a large financial services company recently. As part of his onboarding, the IT department is conducting a review of the checklist for tasks related to AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM).

As an AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate, which best practices would you recommend (Select two)?

1. Configure AWS CloudTrail to log all AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) actions

2. Create a minimum number of accounts and share these account credentials among employees

3. Enable AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFA) for privileged users

4. Grant maximum privileges to avoid assigning privileges again

5. Use user credentials to provide access specific permissions for Amazon EC2 instances

---

## Question 10

The flagship application for a gaming company connects to an Amazon Aurora database and the entire technology stack is currently deployed in the United States. Now, the company has plans to expand to Europe and Asia for its operations. It needs the `games` table to be accessible globally but needs the `users` and `games_played` tables to be regional only.

How would you implement this with minimal application refactoring?

1. Use an Amazon Aurora Global Database for the `games` table and use Amazon DynamoDB tables for the `users` and `games_played` tables

2. Use a Amazon DynamoDB global table for the `games` table and use Amazon Aurora for the `users` and `games_played` tables

3. Use a Amazon DynamoDB global table for the `games` table and use Amazon DynamoDB tables for the `users` and `games_played` tables

4. Use an Amazon Aurora Global Database for the `games` table and use Amazon Aurora for the `users` and `games_played` tables

---

## Question 11
Amazon CloudFront offers a multi-tier cache in the form of regional edge caches that improve latency. However, there are certain content types that bypass the regional edge cache, and go directly to the origin.

Which of the following content types skip the regional edge cache? (Select two)

1. Proxy methods PUT/POST/PATCH/OPTIONS/DELETE go directly to the origin

2. Dynamic content, as determined at request time (cache-behavior configured to forward all headers)

3. Static content such as style sheets, JavaScript files

4. User-generated videos

5. E-commerce assets such as product photos

---

## Question 12
A development team requires permissions to list an Amazon S3 bucket and delete objects from that bucket. A systems administrator has created the following IAM policy to provide access to the bucket and applied that policy to the group. The group is not able to delete objects in the bucket. The company follows the principle of least privilege.

```json
        "Version": "2021-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Action": [
                    "s3:ListBucket",
                    "s3:DeleteObject"
                ],
                "Resource": [
                    "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket"
                ],
                "Effect": "Allow"
            }
        ]
```  

Which statement should a solutions architect add to the policy to address this issue?

1. 
```json
    {
        "Action": [
            "s3:DeleteObject"
        ],
        "Resource": [
            "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket*"
        ],
        "Effect": "Allow"
    }
```
    
2. 
```json
    {
        "Action": [
            "s3:DeleteObject"
        ],
        "Resource": [
            "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket/*"
        ],
        "Effect": "Allow"
    }
```

3. 
```json
    {
        "Action": [
            "s3:*Object"
        ],
        "Resource": [
            "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket/*"
        ],
        "Effect": "Allow"
    }
```

4. 
```json
    {
        "Action": [
            "s3:*"
        ],
        "Resource": [
            "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket/*"
        ],
        "Effect": "Allow"
    }
```

---

## Question 13
A social photo-sharing company uses Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) to store the images uploaded by the users. These images are kept encrypted in Amazon S3 by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) and the company manages its own AWS KMS keys for encryption. A member of the DevOps team accidentally deleted the AWS KMS key a day ago, thereby rendering the user's photo data unrecoverable. You have been contacted by the company to consult them on possible solutions to this crisis.

As a solutions architect, which of the following steps would you recommend to solve this issue?

1. The AWS KMS key can be recovered by the AWS root account user

2. The company should issue a notification on its web application informing the users about the loss of their data

3. As the AWS KMS key was deleted a day ago, it must be in the 'pending deletion' status and hence you can just cancel the KMS key deletion and recover the key

4. Contact AWS support to retrieve the AWS KMS key from their backup

---

## Question 14
An organization wants to delegate access to a set of users from the development environment so that they can access some resources in the production environment which is managed under another AWS account.

As a solutions architect, which of the following steps would you recommend?

1. It is not possible to access cross-account resources

2. Create a new IAM role with the required permissions to access the resources in the production environment. The users can then assume this IAM role while accessing the resources from the production environment

3. Both IAM roles and IAM users can be used interchangeably for cross-account access

4. Create new IAM user credentials for the production environment and share these credentials with the set of users from the development environment

---

## Question 15
An IT company wants to review its security best-practices after an incident was reported where a new developer on the team was assigned full access to Amazon DynamoDB. The developer accidentally deleted a couple of tables from the production environment while building out a new feature.

Which is the MOST effective way to address this issue so that such incidents do not recur?

1. Only root user should have full database access in the organization

2. The CTO should review the permissions for each new developer's IAM user so that such incidents don't recur

3. Use permissions boundary to control the maximum permissions employees can grant to the IAM principals

4. Remove full database access for all IAM users in the organization