## Question 1

A company runs a data processing workflow that takes about 60 minutes to complete. The workflow can withstand disruptions and it can be started and stopped multiple times.

Which is the most cost-effective solution to build a solution for the workflow?

1. Use Amazon EC2 on-demand instances to run the workflow processes

2. Use AWS Lambda function to run the workflow processes

3. Use Amazon EC2 spot instances to run the workflow processes

4. Use Amazon EC2 reserved instances to run the workflow processes

---

## Question 2

A retail company has developed a REST API which is deployed in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. The REST API stores the user data in Amazon DynamoDB and any static content, such as images, are served via Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). On analyzing the usage trends, it is found that 90% of the read requests are for commonly accessed data across all users.

As a Solutions Architect, which of the following would you suggest as the MOST efficient solution to improve the application performance?

1. Enable Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for Amazon DynamoDB and ElastiCache Memcached for Amazon S3

2. Enable ElastiCache Redis for DynamoDB and Amazon CloudFront for Amazon S3

3. Enable ElastiCache Redis for DynamoDB and ElastiCache Memcached for Amazon S3

4. Enable Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for Amazon DynamoDB and Amazon CloudFront for Amazon S3

---

## Question 3
A geological research agency maintains the seismological data for the last 100 years. The data has a velocity of 1GB per minute. You would like to store the data with only the most relevant attributes to build a predictive model for earthquakes.

What AWS services would you use to build the most cost-effective solution with the LEAST amount of infrastructure maintenance?

1. Ingest the data in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams and use an intermediary AWS Lambda function to filter and transform the incoming stream before the output is dumped on Amazon S3

2. Ingest the data in a Spark Streaming Cluster on Amazon EMR and use Spark Streaming transformations before writing to Amazon S3

3. Ingest the data in Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics and use SQL queries to filter and transform the data before writing to Amazon S3

4. Ingest the data in Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose and use an intermediary AWS Lambda function to filter and transform the incoming stream before the output is dumped on Amazon S3

---

## Question 4
The IT department at a consulting firm is conducting a training workshop for new developers. As part of an evaluation exercise on Amazon S3, the new developers were asked to identify the invalid storage class lifecycle transitions for objects stored on Amazon S3.

Can you spot the INVALID lifecycle transitions from the options below? (Select two) ?

1. Amazon S3 Standard-IA => Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

2. Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering => Amazon S3 Standard

3. Amazon S3 Standard-IA => Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering

4. Amazon S3 One Zone-IA => Amazon S3 Standard-IA

5. Amazon S3 Standard => Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering

---

## Question 5

A leading social media analytics company is contemplating moving its dockerized application stack into AWS Cloud. The company is not sure about the pricing for using Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with the EC2 launch type compared to the Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with the Fargate launch type.

Which of the following is correct regarding the pricing for these two services?

1. Both Amazon ECS with EC2 launch type and Amazon ECS with Fargate launch type are charged based on Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon EBS Elastic Volumes used

2. Both Amazon ECS with EC2 launch type and Amazon ECS with Fargate launch type are just charged based on Elastic Container Service used per hour

3. Both Amazon ECS with EC2 launch type and Amazon ECS with Fargate launch type are charged based on vCPU and memory resources that the containerized application requests

4. Amazon ECS with EC2 launch type is charged based on EC2 instances and EBS volumes used. Amazon ECS with Fargate launch type is charged based on vCPU and memory resources that the containerized application requests

---

## Question 6
A financial services company recently launched an initiative to improve the security of its AWS resources and it had enabled AWS Shield Advanced across multiple AWS accounts owned by the company. Upon analysis, the company has found that the costs incurred are much higher than expected.

Which of the following would you attribute as the underlying reason for the unexpectedly high costs for AWS Shield Advanced service?

1. Consolidated billing has not been enabled. All the AWS accounts should fall under a single consolidated billing for the monthly fee to be charged only once

2. AWS Shield Advanced also covers AWS Shield Standard plan, thereby resulting in increased costs

3. Savings Plans has not been enabled for the AWS Shield Advanced service across all the AWS accounts

4. AWS Shield Advanced is being used for custom servers, that are not part of AWS Cloud, thereby resulting in increased costs

---

## Question 7
As part of a pilot program, a biotechnology company wants to integrate data files from its on-premises analytical application with AWS Cloud via an NFS interface.

Which of the following AWS service is the MOST efficient solution for the given use-case?

1. AWS Storage Gateway - Volume Gateway

2. AWS Storage Gateway - File Gateway

3. AWS Storage Gateway - Tape Gateway

4. AWS Site-to-Site VPN

---

## Question 8
An audit department generates and accesses the audit reports only twice in a financial year. The department uses AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the report creating process that has failover and retry scenarios built into the solution. The underlying data to create these audit reports is stored on Amazon S3, runs into hundreds of Terabytes and should be available with millisecond latency.

As an AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate, which is the MOST cost-effective storage class that you would recommend to be used for this use-case?

1. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)

2. Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering (S3 Intelligent-Tiering)

3. Amazon S3 Standard

4. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive

---

## Question 9
A news network uses Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) to aggregate the raw video footage from its reporting teams across the US. The news network has recently expanded into new geographies in Europe and Asia. The technical teams at the overseas branch offices have reported huge delays in uploading large video files to the destination Amazon S3 bucket.

Which of the following are the MOST cost-effective options to improve the file upload speed into Amazon S3 (Select two)

1. Use AWS Global Accelerator for faster file uploads into the destination Amazon S3 bucket

2. Use multipart uploads for faster file uploads into the destination Amazon S3 bucket

3. Use Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration (Amazon S3TA) to enable faster file uploads into the destination S3 bucket

4. Create multiple AWS Direct Connect connections between the AWS Cloud and branch offices in Europe and Asia. Use the direct connect connections for faster file uploads into Amazon S3

5. Create multiple AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections between the AWS Cloud and branch offices in Europe and Asia. Use these VPN connections for faster file uploads into Amazon S3

---

## Question 10
A technology blogger wants to write a review on the comparative pricing for various storage types available on AWS Cloud. The blogger has created a test file of size 1 gigabytes with some random data. Next he copies this test file into AWS S3 Standard storage class, provisions an Amazon EBS volume (General Purpose SSD (gp2)) with 100 gigabytes of provisioned storage and copies the test file into the Amazon EBS volume, and lastly copies the test file into an Amazon EFS Standard Storage filesystem. At the end of the month, he analyses the bill for costs incurred on the respective storage types for the test file.

What is the correct order of the storage charges incurred for the test file on these three storage types?

1. Cost of test file storage on Amazon EFS < Cost of test file storage on Amazon S3 Standard < Cost of test file storage on Amazon EBS

2. Cost of test file storage on Amazon S3 Standard < Cost of test file storage on Amazon EBS < Cost of test file storage on Amazon EFS

3. Cost of test file storage on Amazon EBS < Cost of test file storage on Amazon S3 Standard < Cost of test file storage on Amazon EFS

4. Cost of test file storage on Amazon S3 Standard < Cost of test file storage on Amazon EFS < Cost of test file storage on Amazon EBS

---

## Question 11
A video analytics organization has been acquired by a leading media company. The analytics organization has 10 independent applications with an on-premises data footprint of about 70 Terabytes for each application. The CTO of the media company has set a timeline of two weeks to carry out the data migration from on-premises data center to AWS Cloud and establish connectivity.

Which of the following are the MOST cost-effective options for completing the data transfer and establishing connectivity? (Select two)

1. Order 1 AWS Snowmobile to complete the one-time data transfer

2. Order 70 AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices to complete the one-time data transfer

3. Order 10 AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices to complete the one-time data transfer

4. Setup AWS Site-to-Site VPN to establish on-going connectivity between the on-premises data center and AWS Cloud

5. Setup AWS Direct Connect to establish connectivity between the on-premises data center and AWS Cloud

---

## Question 12
A media agency stores its re-creatable assets on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) buckets. The assets are accessed by a large number of users for the first few days and the frequency of access falls down drastically after a week. Although the assets would be accessed occasionally after the first week, but they must continue to be immediately accessible when required. The cost of maintaining all the assets on Amazon S3 storage is turning out to be very expensive and the agency is looking at reducing costs as much as possible.

As an AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate, can you suggest a way to lower the storage costs while fulfilling the business requirements?

1. Configure a lifecycle policy to transition the objects to Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 7 days

2. Configure a lifecycle policy to transition the objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 7 days

3. Configure a lifecycle policy to transition the objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days

4. Configure a lifecycle policy to transition the objects to Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days

---

## Question 13
A leading video streaming service delivers billions of hours of content from Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) to customers around the world. Amazon S3 also serves as the data lake for its big data analytics solution. The data lake has a staging zone where intermediary query results are kept only for 24 hours. These results are also heavily referenced by other parts of the analytics pipeline.

Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective strategy for storing this intermediary query data?

1. Store the intermediary query results in Amazon S3 Standard storage class

2. Store the intermediary query results in Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access storage class

3. Store the intermediary query results in Amazon S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval storage class

4. Store the intermediary query results in Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access storage class

---

## Question 14
A company has a web application that runs 24\*7 in the production environment. The development team at the company runs a clone of the same application in the dev environment for up to 8 hours every day. The company wants to build the MOST cost-optimal solution by deploying these applications using the best-fit pricing options for Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances.

What would you recommend?

1. Use on-demand Amazon EC2 instances for the production application and spot instances for the dev application

2. Use Amazon EC2 reserved instance (RI) for the production application and spot instances for the dev application

3. Use Amazon EC2 reserved instance (RI) for the production application and spot block instances for the dev application

4. Use Amazon EC2 reserved instance (RI) for the production application and on-demand instances for the dev application