## Question 1
An e-commerce company is looking for a solution with high availability, as it plans to migrate its flagship application to a fleet of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances. The solution should allow for content-based routing as part of the architecture.

As a Solutions Architect, which of the following will you suggest for the company?

1. Use an Auto Scaling group for distributing traffic to the Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZs). Configure a Public IP address to mask any failure of an instance

2. Use an Application Load Balancer for distributing traffic to the Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZs). Configure Auto Scaling group to mask any failure of an instance

3. Use an Auto Scaling group for distributing traffic to the Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZs). Configure an elastic IP address (EIP) to mask any failure of an instance

4. Use a Network Load Balancer for distributing traffic to the Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZs). Configure a Private IP address to mask any failure of an instance

--- 

## Question 2
The engineering team at a Spanish professional football club has built a notification system for its website using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notifications which are then handled by an AWS Lambda function for end-user delivery. During the off-season, the notification systems need to handle about 100 requests per second. During the peak football season, the rate touches about 5000 requests per second and it is noticed that a significant number of the notifications are not being delivered to the end-users on the website.

As a solutions architect, which of the following would you suggest as the BEST possible solution to this issue?

1. Amazon SNS has hit a scalability limit, so the team needs to contact AWS support to raise the account limit

2. The engineering team needs to provision more servers running the Amazon SNS service

3. The engineering team needs to provision more servers running the AWS Lambda service

4. Amazon SNS message deliveries to AWS Lambda have crossed the account concurrency quota for AWS Lambda, so the team needs to contact AWS support to raise the account limit

---

## Question 3

An e-commerce company is looking for a solution with high availability, as it plans to migrate its flagship application to a fleet of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances. The solution should allow for content-based routing as part of the architecture.

As a Solutions Architect, which of the following will you suggest for the company?

1. Use an Auto Scaling group for distributing traffic to the Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZs). Configure a Public IP address to mask any failure of an instance

2. Use an Application Load Balancer for distributing traffic to the Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZs). Configure Auto Scaling group to mask any failure of an instance

3. Use an Auto Scaling group for distributing traffic to the Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZs). Configure an elastic IP address (EIP) to mask any failure of an instance

4. Use a Network Load Balancer for distributing traffic to the Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZs). Configure a Private IP address to mask any failure of an instance

---

## Question 4

The engineering team at a Spanish professional football club has built a notification system for its website using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notifications which are then handled by an AWS Lambda function for end-user delivery. During the off-season, the notification systems need to handle about 100 requests per second. During the peak football season, the rate touches about 5000 requests per second and it is noticed that a significant number of the notifications are not being delivered to the end-users on the website.

As a solutions architect, which of the following would you suggest as the BEST possible solution to this issue?

1. Amazon SNS has hit a scalability limit, so the team needs to contact AWS support to raise the account limit

2. The engineering team needs to provision more servers running the Amazon SNS service

3. The engineering team needs to provision more servers running the AWS Lambda service

4. Amazon SNS message deliveries to AWS Lambda have crossed the account concurrency quota for AWS Lambda, so the team needs to contact AWS support to raise the account limit

---

## Question 5

A company manages a multi-tier social media application that runs on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones (AZs) and use an Amazon Aurora database. As an AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate, you have been tasked to make the application more resilient to periodic spikes in request rates.

Which of the following solutions would you recommend for the given use-case? (Select two)

1. Use Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the Application Load Balancer

2. Use AWS Direct Connect

3. Use Amazon Aurora Replica

4. Use AWS Shield

5. Use AWS Global Accelerator

----

## Question 6

The development team at an e-commerce startup has set up multiple microservices running on Amazon EC2 instances under an Application Load Balancer. The team wants to route traffic to multiple back-end services based on the URL path of the HTTP header. So it wants requests for https://www.example.com/orders to go to a specific microservice and requests for https://www.example.com/products to go to another microservice.

Which of the following features of Application Load Balancers can be used for this use-case?

1. HTTP header-based routing

2. Path-based Routing

3. Query string parameter-based routing

4. Host-based Routing

----

## Question 7
A healthcare startup needs to enforce compliance and regulatory guidelines for objects stored in Amazon S3. One of the key requirements is to provide adequate protection against accidental deletion of objects.

As a solutions architect, what are your recommendations to address these guidelines? (Select two) ?

1. Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) delete on the Amazon S3 bucket

2. Create an event trigger on deleting any Amazon S3 object. The event invokes an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification via email to the IT manager

3. Establish a process to get managerial approval for deleting Amazon S3 objects

4. Change the configuration on Amazon S3 console so that the user needs to provide additional confirmation while deleting any Amazon S3 object

5. Enable versioning on the Amazon S3 bucket

----

## Question 8
A new DevOps engineer has just joined a development team and wants to understand the replication capabilities for Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment as well as Amazon RDS Read-replicas.

Which of the following correctly summarizes these capabilities for the given database?

1. Multi-AZ follows asynchronous replication and spans one Availability Zone (AZ) within a single region. Read replicas follow synchronous replication and can be within an Availability Zone (AZ), Cross-AZ, or Cross-Region

2. Multi-AZ follows asynchronous replication and spans at least two Availability Zones (AZs) within a single region. Read replicas follow synchronous replication and can be within an Availability Zone (AZ), Cross-AZ, or Cross-Region

3. Multi-AZ follows synchronous replication and spans at least two Availability Zones (AZs) within a single region. Read replicas follow asynchronous replication and can be within an Availability Zone (AZ), Cross-AZ, or Cross-Region

4. Multi-AZ follows asynchronous replication and spans at least two Availability Zones (AZs) within a single region. Read replicas follow asynchronous replication and can be within an Availability Zone (AZ), Cross-AZ, or Cross-Region

---

## Question 9
A leading carmaker would like to build a new car-as-a-sensor service by leveraging fully serverless components that are provisioned and managed automatically by AWS. The development team at the carmaker does not want an option that requires the capacity to be manually provisioned, as it does not want to respond manually to changing volumes of sensor data.

Given these constraints, which of the following solutions is the BEST fit to develop this car-as-a-sensor service?

1. Ingest the sensor data in Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, which directly writes the data into an auto-scaled Amazon DynamoDB table for downstream processing

2. Ingest the sensor data in an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue, which is polled by an AWS Lambda function in batches and the data is written into an auto-scaled Amazon DynamoDB table for downstream processing

3. Ingest the sensor data in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams, which is polled by an application running on an Amazon EC2 instance and the data is written into an auto-scaled Amazon DynamoDB table for downstream processing

4. Ingest the sensor data in an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue, which is polled by an application running on an Amazon EC2 instance and the data is written into an auto-scaled Amazon DynamoDB table for downstream processing

---

## Question 10
A healthcare company uses its on-premises infrastructure to run legacy applications that require specialized customizations to the underlying Oracle database as well as its host operating system (OS). The company also wants to improve the availability of the Oracle database layer. The company has hired you as an AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate to build a solution on AWS that meets these requirements while minimizing the underlying infrastructure maintenance effort.

Which of the following options represents the best solution for this use case?

1. Deploy the Oracle database layer on multiple Amazon EC2 instances spread across two Availability Zones (AZs). This deployment configuration guarantees high availability and also allows the Database Administrator (DBA) to access and customize the database environment and the underlying operating system

2. Leverage cross AZ read-replica configuration of Amazon RDS for Oracle that allows the Database Administrator (DBA) to access and customize the database environment and the underlying operating system

3. Leverage multi-AZ configuration of Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle that allows the Database Administrator (DBA) to access and customize the database environment and the underlying operating system

4. Leverage multi-AZ configuration of Amazon RDS for Oracle that allows the Database Administrator (DBA) to access and customize the database environment and the underlying operating system

---

## Question 11
The payroll department at a company initiates several computationally intensive workloads on Amazon EC2 instances at a designated hour on the last day of every month. The payroll department has noticed a trend of severe performance lag during this hour. The engineering team has figured out a solution by using Auto Scaling Group for these Amazon EC2 instances and making sure that 10 Amazon EC2 instances are available during this peak usage hour. For normal operations only 2 Amazon EC2 instances are enough to cater to the workload.

As a solutions architect, which of the following steps would you recommend to implement the solution?

1. Configure your Auto Scaling group by creating a scheduled action that kicks-off at the designated hour on the last day of the month. Set the min count as well as the max count of instances to 10. This causes the scale-out to happen before peak traffic kicks in at the designated hour

2. Configure your Auto Scaling group by creating a target tracking policy and setting the instance count to 10 at the designated hour. This causes the scale-out to happen before peak traffic kicks in at the designated hour

3. Configure your Auto Scaling group by creating a simple tracking policy and setting the instance count to 10 at the designated hour. This causes the scale-out to happen before peak traffic kicks in at the designated hour

4. Configure your Auto Scaling group by creating a scheduled action that kicks-off at the designated hour on the last day of the month. Set the desired capacity of instances to 10. This causes the scale-out to happen before peak traffic kicks in at the designated hour

---

## Question 12
A Big Data analytics company wants to set up an AWS cloud architecture that throttles requests in case of sudden traffic spikes. The company is looking for AWS services that can be used for buffering or throttling to handle such traffic variations.

Which of the following services can be used to support this requirement?

1. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS), Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) and AWS Lambda

2. Amazon Gateway Endpoints, Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and Amazon Kinesis

3. Elastic Load Balancer, Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS), AWS Lambda

4. Amazon API Gateway, Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and Amazon Kinesis

---

## Question 13
While consolidating logs for the weekly reporting, a development team at an e-commerce company noticed that an unusually large number of illegal AWS application programming interface (API) queries were made sometime during the week. Due to the off-season, there was no visible impact on the systems. However, this event led the management team to seek an automated solution that can trigger near-real-time warnings in case such an event recurs.

Which of the following represents the best solution for the given scenario?

1. Run Amazon Athena SQL queries against AWS CloudTrail log files stored in Amazon S3 buckets. Use Amazon QuickSight to generate reports for managerial dashboards

2. Create an Amazon CloudWatch metric filter that processes AWS CloudTrail logs having API call details and looks at any errors by factoring in all the error codes that need to be tracked. Create an alarm based on this metric's rate to send an Amazon SNS notification to the required team

3. AWS Trusted Advisor publishes metrics about check results to Amazon CloudWatch. Create an alarm to track status changes for checks in the Service Limits category for the APIs. The alarm will then notify when the service quota is reached or exceeded

4. Configure AWS CloudTrail to stream event data to Amazon Kinesis. Use Amazon Kinesis stream-level metrics in the Amazon CloudWatch to trigger an AWS Lambda function that will trigger an error workflow

---

## Question 14
The DevOps team at an e-commerce company wants to perform some maintenance work on a specific Amazon EC2 instance that is part of an Auto Scaling group using a step scaling policy. The team is facing a maintenance challenge - every time the team deploys a maintenance patch, the instance health check status shows as out of service for a few minutes. This causes the Auto Scaling group to provision another replacement instance immediately.

As a solutions architect, which are the MOST time/resource efficient steps that you would recommend so that the maintenance work can be completed at the earliest? (Select two)

1. Take a snapshot of the instance, create a new Amazon Machine Image (AMI) and then launch a new instance using this AMI. Apply the maintenance patch to this new instance and then add it back to the Auto Scaling Group by using the manual scaling policy. Terminate the earlier instance that had the maintenance issue

2. Delete the Auto Scaling group and apply the maintenance fix to the given instance. Create a new Auto Scaling group and add all the instances again using the manual scaling policy

3. Put the instance into the Standby state and then update the instance by applying the maintenance patch. Once the instance is ready, you can exit the Standby state and then return the instance to service

4. Suspend the `ScheduledActions` process type for the Auto Scaling group and apply the maintenance patch to the instance. Once the instance is ready, you can you can manually set the instance's health status back to healthy and activate the `ScheduledActions` process type again

5. Suspend the `ReplaceUnhealthy` process type for the Auto Scaling group and apply the maintenance patch to the instance. Once the instance is ready, you can manually set the instance's health status back to healthy and activate the `ReplaceUnhealthy` process type again

---

## Question 15
A major bank is using Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to migrate several core banking applications to the cloud to ensure high availability and cost efficiency while simplifying administrative complexity and overhead. The development team at the bank expects a peak rate of about 1000 messages per second to be processed via SQS. It is important that the messages are processed in order.

Which of the following options can be used to implement this system?

1. Use Amazon SQS standard queue to process the messages

2. Use Amazon SQS FIFO (First-In-First-Out) queue in batch mode of 2 messages per operation to process the messages at the peak rate

3. Use Amazon SQS FIFO (First-In-First-Out) queue to process the messages

4. Use Amazon SQS FIFO (First-In-First-Out) queue in batch mode of 4 messages per operation to process the messages at the peak rate

---

## Question 16
A gaming company uses Amazon Aurora as its primary database service. The company has now deployed 5 multi-AZ read replicas to increase the read throughput and for use as failover target. The replicas have been assigned the following failover priority tiers and corresponding instance sizes are given in parentheses: tier-1 (16 terabytes), tier-1 (32 terabytes), tier-10 (16 terabytes), tier-15 (16 terabytes), tier-15 (32 terabytes).

In the event of a failover, Amazon Aurora will promote which of the following read replicas?


1. Tier-1 (32 terabytes)

2. Tier-10 (16 terabytes)

3. Tier-15 (32 terabytes)

4. Tier-1 (16 terabytes)